Update respond-machine-alerts.md (#4836)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/respond-machine-alerts.md

>[!IMPORTANT]
>- Full isolation is available for devices on Windows 10, version 1703.
>- Selective isolation is available for devices on Windows 10, version 1709 or later.

> >- When isolating a device, only certain processes and destinations are allowed. Therefore, devices that are behind a full VPN tunnel won't be able to reach the Microsoft Defender for Endpoint Cloud service after the device is isolated. The recommendation is to use split-tunneling VPN for Microsoft Defender for Endpoint and Defender AV cloud-based protection related traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- When isolating a device, only certain processes and destinations are allowed. Therefore, devices that are behind a full VPN tunnel won't be able to reach the Microsoft Defender for Endpoint cloud service after the device is isolated. We recommend using a split-tunneling VPN for Microsoft Defender for Endpoint and Microsoft Defender Antivirus cloud-based protection-related traffic.
```
